# Regression Testing
Due to the heavily UI driven nature of the tool, the regression testing suite is entirely manual and relies on testing different test cases against various different sets of test data. The test data sets are generated by multiple versions of SCRUB in order to maintain backwards compatability.

## Test Cases
### Load Project
**Scenario** - After launching the ScrubView GUI, select the "Load new project..." under the "Electron" drop down menu. Select the root directory of the dataset of interest and select "Load Project".

**Success Criteria**
1. The project data should load to ScrubView browser without any error messages.
2. All directory browser data and warning data should be initialized to the test data root direectory.

### Filter Results on Tool
**Scenario** - Select various options from the "Filters" drop down in the middle of the GUI. This should include selecting 1 tool, multiple tools, no tools, and all tools. This should also be repreated for various sub-directories within the codebase.

**Success Criteria**
1. The displayed list of warnings should be updated in accordance with the filter option that has been selected.
2. The warning count information should also be updated as filtering options are changed.

### Sort Results
**Scenario** - Select each of the sorting options from the "Sort" drop-down in the middle of the GUI. This should be repeated for various sub-directories within the codebase.

**Success Criteria**
1. The list of warnings should be sorted in accordance with each of the various sort options.

### Display Warning Content
**Scenario** - Double click on a few of the warnings that are displayed in the warning list section of the GUI. This should be repeated for various sub-directories within the codebase.

**Success Criteria**
1. The file that contains the warning should be loaded into the file browser section of the GUI and the relevant line that contains the warning should be highlighted.

### Navigate Project Directories
**Scenario** - Use the directory browser section of the GUI to double click on various directories. This should include selecting the '..' item to navigate back up the source code directory.

**Success Criteria**
1. While loading the results for the sub-directory, a loading bar should appear.
2. After the load is completed, the folder browser area should be updated to display only items located in the current directory.
3. The warning counts for files and sub-directories should be updated.
4. The list of warnings and warning counts should be updated.
5. The warning scope variables should be updated.
6. A '..' item should be added for all directories not located at the source code root.

### Load File Contents to Browser Window
**Scenario** - Double-click on a few of the files within the directory browser section of the GUI. This should be repeated for various sub-directories within the codebase.

**Success Criteria**
1. The file data should be displayed in the file browser section of the GUI.
2. The list of warnings should be updated to display only warnings within the selected file.

### Launch Developer Tools
**Scenario** - Select the "Open Dev Tools" from the "View" drop-down.

**Success Criteria**
1. The developer tools should be opened on the right-hand side of the GUI.

### Display Metrics Data
**Scenario** - Select the "Display metrics" option from the "Electron" drop-down menu.

**Success Criteria**
1. A metrics pop up window is displayed with the metrics data for the current directory
2. For projects without metrics data, a message should be displayed stating that not metrics data is available.

### Large Project Load
**Scenario** - Select the "Load new project..." under the "Electron" drop down menu. Navigate to the performance test case results and select "Load project". Repeat the various test cases listed above to ensure that all functionality works well for large results sets.

**Success Criteria**
1. All functionality should work as described in each test cases.
2. Load times should be reasonable. Reasonable is defined by user-judgment here. The goal is to make sure that there are not any obviou deficiencies.

### Missing Results Load
**Scenario** - Select the "Load new project..." under the "Electron" drop down menu. Navigate to the empty test case results and select "Load project". This project contains source code, but no SCRUB results data.

**Success Criteria**
1. Directory browser content should load but all other areas will be blank.
2. Various warning messages should display at the bottom of the GUI indicating missing results.
